you know
[Music]
one of these bullets is like us
traveling
forward through time the other one's
going backwards
can you tell which is which
how about now
[Music]
why does it feel so strange you're not
shooting the bullet
you're catching it whoa i didn't win
back in my cell felt like hell first
[Applause]
days who's the america he seems nice i
invited him to the dinner
looks good with fists for a diplomat
there are people in the future who need
us
[Music]
you get something i'm not gonna like
time isn't the problem getting out alive
that's a problem
[Music]
slow motion when i dance
well i'm going so any tips will be
welcome ain't no time what do you think
we're seeing
the detritus of a coming war
[Music]
you want to crash a plane well how big a
plane
that part is a little dramatic
last time in window tennis 3d pg-13
you